actually the issue with Java was not so
much that parts of it were not relevant
problem is parts like old parts of
language are stuck forever you don't
remove them because there is code that
relies on them and this is something
that's completely relevant to cotton if
we want to remove something from the
language it's not gonna be easy but the
thing is we started removing things from
the very beginning so so the problem is
a new version of the language comes out
and we want to add something but what we
want to add may conflict with one of the
previous features like it just doesn't
fit Java has this problems right left
language is old they have many many
layers of design in it so it's difficult
to design something new for Java even if
they know what they want to express it's
not easy to fit into how its expressed
in this particular language and we
talked a lot with the designers of Java
I know their problems it's like I know
they're hard it's like Java is designed
by very very good people they didn't
know their stuff very well it's just
very hard and they're making very good
progress recently so we will be in the
similar situation unless we learn to
evolve our language in this like
migrating the ecosystem basically this
is what we do now with small things so
the tradition among mainstream languages
is that if you have a bug you just keep
it round forever I mean some box you fix
if like you can have a bug that never
that makes something never work then
it's fine like no users rely on this bug
that's okay but if you have a bug that
sometimes works in an unexpected way
then you're stuck with it forever
because some users out there rely on it
and we know it for a fact
like every crazy bit of code you can
think about is written out there I was
so surprised the things we get we get
reports about but people actually write
all the crazy code that exists but
everything absolutely so yes if we have
a bug
like this the code is out there and
technically speaking will break the
experience of some user if we just fix
the bug so what do we do we do a long
deprecation cycle we in one version we
detect the bug and tell the user okay
here's a problem it's going to break
next time and we give them like a year
to fix this and the next version we
actually break it and if they complain
we're just we told you so
and it's been working so far we only
changed reasonably small things it has
been working so we'll try to keep doing
this and keep the language motor we have
very scary examples of how this went
wrong with other languages like python
is split multiple ways is that there is
Python 2 and python 3 and these are
completely separate languages separates
basically separate communities of people
using it and like it says it's a total
disaster - to work in the Python
ecosystem so we're trying not to end up
there and hopefully if we enter the
state will know early and will back off
so the like the short answer is I hope
will not end up where other languages
ended up but if it's our fate then so so
be